Oh what are you listening to recently
I'm just listening to German metal as usual.
If the paddle me I'm too much lock Scar
Or do you want to start now from Peck ?
Don't say it right now Eggs are nice and you are a genius
If I say that, I am Peter
I'm listening to Reel I'm nostalgic I just have no one
Well it would be phil collins or who are Ahage
No, no, and most recently, I wonder if the pin stock is also ah ?
It's the one era e-gov is also bald
Yes, it's time, Axel Rose is also getting fat
Oh I'll have played Oe Contact This is a vague amazing pull
I 'm fine I 'm sloppy
I was caught a player 50cm big even this
Oh
It's also neon for how many minutes You ca n't lose the net
Talk to you
Ah ah ah ah
Office 2
One body
Well I wonder Datte
I 'm also good at it
that
yeah
What a lie and what happened? A face city with all the bones shattered
What kind of face do you look at the place real
What is the budget gauge Janyo Taguchi late boy also water after the theater version to the next agency benefits
I Nja crow yellow sand does not have a one to that I do not know the reason Nante gifts this
It is work position
If you inadvertently Is not it will end in the middle of this story distress Jayo
The staff on the ups is a big annoyance. A technique that cuts the Ohashi something for 8 minutes.
It seems that you have to say that you should die because the women's policy does not get dirty
What I wish it so I see to not go and when absorbing it does not correspond savings and have something you horse
Not you
I won't win because there is little budget
Since the budget less of Kaso Jayomiro you come in something horse Ya at once headwear Ya base
Bebe Bear early
Ja Nan What because Ne has been riding on the sunset glow is he said there was much more over plants
You 're going to look at it-you can see it too stupidly
Shimane is going to be a tough thing
It's hit really Shimane is suddenly feral
Have ale
Watch Table 2 people Shimane Prefecture suddenly fled confectionery
It is unknown why the Poppo RIKEN attacked
But there is also a view that the Shimane began to rampage and let's make up in the subsequent years, Shimane, Tottori problem
I do not know the detailed reason Currently Hiroshima Prefecture is desperately persuading, but the closing point
Is under 1 year old
Such a dynamic even though the error is ignored and 4-3 is not there
Cause a problem
I do not feel like I can calm down the anger of the species with this remaining budget
But anyway, Okayama and Yamaguchi prefectures are on the sidelines
Apparently you probably never curtain Uchi et al leave if say Okayama Prefecture Hiroshima Prefecture to persuade the Shimane
I 'm looking forward to the quantity
What extra or more tension Thus Yamaguchi Prefecture'm Why does nothing
Yamaguchi Prefecture correct filtration you are silent because they aimed at and trying to get the saliva of this same author bastard Yamaguchi house
Name
I was asked I me somehow the Shimanuke from the Japanese government for defending Shimonoseki but I Shimane
You will not know much about
So I think that you are going to subcontract this matter
Once you have a color not it becomes you also subcontractors know the government is to solve this problem from time
I promised to give you 800 million yen .
800 million yen hot gold- if you somehow get along
It is natural for you to go over the top of the pattern, the pattern to do at the top
The main contractor of the administration has something to do with it
I'm asking car t 4
Even if it is going to eat urine or telling lies, the prefecture is huge money
So it does not been replaced belly to the back but is mortifying seen link layer Oh feet
What do you do such a thing so I do want to say to me belly frog in Isoku Makudasai back
Do not have to Oh another extra thing you do not have to after all not every time doubts have
What do you do
Subject of whether to stop the undergoes never been wagon's color
That's why I have to wait for a while.
Here in the airport to go to Dodd background Toka really is degrees or confusing, but come out and also budget
I am using
It was weak, but it is also very sudden that you will be the top from the next person suddenly
If so, I'm going to do the title here Oh yes
I'm waiting for the title wait , I'll knit in the wait for the title Call is a form that nobody does not do
When was Terumi's appointment whether that inning was your Kura
Ah climb'm you say in what that I say bring 6 e
Shimane is really the other side of the world
Well of A'bad Damedame was Tottori need Toka scene Nja wax strategy gradually led
Stop
Fly faster finished
Oh, I wasn't carelessly wet, so when you enter a new scene, you always get a scene from that place
Tatter
Loath quaternary minnow than the back of the video and the corresponding by budget has been earnest become a tapir
Attraction
Let's think of a way to quench Shimane without unnecessary jobs .
Ok but if you do in the field
Suddenly the first place Shimane say I was feral is not a quiet heaven, as I have before, et al.
What
I don't know if it's 17 pm at 1 o'clock
Defintely something belly Nante Buchigireru to it so To the bird because it is completely adult 's now on the island
Wo n't there ever been impossible?
This continuation is dvd
jan
This nail go dvd February 21 release
Luxurious Benefits Limited Edition Mock also luxurious etc. hawk claws 6 full version in the Hula one box Benefits
Lots of people
Furthermore it is good on July 4th, but the 7th album nail 7 queen your throat room opening
Appreciation fee is for treatment
There is rainfall in Ogori